Spec for StarkNet (#39)
ChainAgnostic/namespaces: starknet/caip-2.md

---
namespace-identifier: starknet-caip2
title: StarkNet Namespace - Chains
author: Argent Labs
discussions-to: 
status: Draft
type: Standard
created: 2022-11-18
updated: 2022-11-18
requires: CAIP-2
supersedes: CAIP-5
---

# CAIP-2

*For context, see the [CAIP-2][] specification.*

### Rationale / Syntax

The namespace `starknet` refers to the StarkNet Layer 2 on Ethereum.

StarkNet currently represents its chains with string identifiers such as 

> `SN_MAIN` and `SN_GOERLI`. Internally, these strings are expressed as `field element` integers (according to a transformation documented in the system's [core documentation][Transaction structure]), but using the case-sensitive root string identifiers simplifies interoperability by sidestepping type system interoperability around integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SN_MAIN` and `SN_GOERLI`. Internally, these strings are encoded as field elements (according to a transformation documented in the system's [core documentation][Transaction structure]), but using the case-sensitive root string identifiers simplifies interoperability by sidestepping type system interoperability around integers.
```

---
namespace-identifier: starknet-caip2
title: StarkNet Namespace - Chains
author: Argent Labs
discussions-to: 
status: Draft
type: Standard
created: 2022-11-18
updated: 2022-11-18
requires: CAIP-2
supersedes: CAIP-5
---

# CAIP-2

*For context, see the [CAIP-2][] specification.*

### Rationale / Syntax

The namespace `starknet` refers to the StarkNet Layer 2 on Ethereum.

StarkNet currently represents its chains with string identifiers such as 

> `SN_MAIN` and `SN_GOERLI`. They also have field element representations which
> are not worth discussing in this specification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`SN_MAIN` and `SN_GOERLI`. Internally, these strings are expressed as `field element` integers (according to a transformation documented in the system's [core documentation][Transaction structure]), but using the case-sensitive root string identifiers simplifies interoperability by sidestepping type system interoperability around integers.
```
